Managing threats is a major part
of what security
professionals do.
In this part of the course,
we've explored some common types
of cyber threats that you'll
likely encounter in the
field. Let's review.
We started off discussing
social engineering.
You learned that attackers
have a variety of ways to
trick their targets into
sharing private information.
Social engineering
techniques rely on
exploiting people's trust
and willingness to help.
Phishing attacks are one
of the most common ways
that attackers go about
manipulating their targets.
Next, we explored malware.
Here, we discussed the
major classes of malware,
like viruses,
trojans, and worms.
You learned how to spot
signs of infection.
You also learned how malware has
evolved and become more
sophisticated over the years.
After that, we turned
our attention to
web-based exploits,
specifically injection attacks.
You learned about
cross-site scripting
and SQL injection,
two of the most common types of
attacks facing
organizations online.
We discussed how each of these
attacks are carried out.
You also learned about how
web applications can be
protected from malicious code.
Finally, we explored the
threat modeling process.
You learned the process
that security teams
use to perform these exercises.
Unfortunately, cyberattacks and
security breaches
are a reality that
we're challenged with
on a regular basis.
However, being aware of
the type of threats
that exist and
the threat modeling
process provides
an important foundation for
your work as a security analyst.